Publicize: use post metadata as the primary data source. (#21231)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/extensions/plugins/publicize/README.md

# Publicize plugin

## Data approach

### The Store

> The data approach is based on the post meta data in the sense it stores relevant that there. However, it also implements a sub-store named jetpack/publicize that acts mostly as a connection layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Publicize module stores the connection data in the post meta. That way the data is specific to a post, which allows us to check if the post can be shared. There's also a `jetpack/publicize` sub-store that adds additional connection data from other data sources, such as WPCOM. We save that additional data to the post meta, and access it from the post meta as the single source of truth.
```
